Andraste's Knickerweasels!
This crypt is old. Really old. I bet it was here before the current keep was built.
Ah, Amaranthine, the jewel of the north!
I once knew someone who bought a piece of Andraste's shin-bone in the Amaranthine market.
That's a strange place to store a pitchfork...
We're going down into that? Figures.
We're going down into that? Figures. Ooh it's an unstable crumbling chasm! Let's go and play in it!
Ooh it's an unstable crumbling chasm! Let's go and play in it!
Why would we suddenly be seeing new forms of darkspawn? This isn't even a Blight.
This isn't even a Blight.
I once started a rumor about secret passages in the tower. Had the templars pressing their noses to the walls for months. Hilarious!
Note to self: meat does not function well as an ornament.
This contraption is filled with pure lyrium. That much could kill an army.
Oh, the suspense is killing me.
People have described broodmothers to me, but words don't do them justice.
Not to belabor the point or anything, but I think this caravan was attacked.
Nice view. Do you see any large walking trees coming towards us?
Nice view.
This place is a death trap! If I have to go into the bushes to answer nature's call, you're coming with me!
This place is a death trap!
That ballista is conveniently placed, isn't it? Well, I'm always up for a spot of iconoclasm!
I've heard about this place. Didn't an entire village up and vanished, or something?
I'm scared. Hold me?
Looks like the bones of this dragon were scattered by some animal. Or... something worse.
Will you look at that. A tear in the Veil. It must be even weaker in this marsh than I'd thought.
It's a picturesque little place, isn't it? Aside from being ruined and haunted.
What was that thing? Who is "the Mother?" Another darkspawn?
I see that the village in the Blackmarsh is not entirely forgotten, then.
(Groans) I hate the Fade.
I'm betting the Tevinters built this. My question is why.
Who's the pretty kitty? Yes you are!
Does this make you my familiar, Ser Pounce-a-lot? What do you think?
Shall I train you to become a vicious attack kitten?
What do you think of your name, Ser Pounce-a-lot? Do you think it's appropriate?
Are you hungry, Ser Pounce-a-lot? I have some dried mackerel you could nibble on.
I have some dried mackerel you could nibble on.
You know, mages created mabari hounds. Maybe I could make you just as smart as those stupid dogs.
Maker's Breath, kitty! What have you been eating?
You're quite the dirty little dwarf, aren't you?
You don't actually think your jokes are funny, do you?
I'm not only a dwarf, I'm a moron! Listen to me fart!
I'm just going to assume that something died in your mouth.
Yeah, I noticed how you pissed in your armor in that last fight. Well done.
I do my best. Still, I'm no ale-swilling mountain of belches like you!
True! We should form a club!
HAR! Let me tell you about my life in one word! (Belches)
Eww.
Like moths to a flame. Women like it when men show affection for small, fuzzy, defenseless beings. Like you.
To have all this power at my fingertips?
Oh, you don't know the story behind the robes? You know how strict things are in the Circle, right? Of course you do. Well, the robes make quick trysts in the corner easy. No laces or buttons. You're done before the templars catch on.
Just ask anyone.
The robes make quick trysts in the corner easy. No laces or buttons. You're done before the templars catch on.
What are you on about, now?
Don't listen to him, Ser Pounce-a-lot! You smell just fine.
You got drunk and made a bet, didn't you?
I bet I could drink you under the table.
What, what?
Oh, I thought you were being attacked by a wild animal. But it was only your beard.
Hey, I'm fond of the Howes! I'm also fond of the Whys, the Whos and the Whats.
It's shameful how long it took me to come up with that.
It's like you're a mage! If there were more Howes, they'd lock all of you up in a tower to protect everyone else!
You know, Nathaniel, you're just like me.
I didn't say it was a perfect analogy...
Kind of missing my point, aren't you?
Fine, fine. Your loss.
Not when I'm naked I don't.
So does the "I'm a mage!" sign around my neck. I like to make it easy for the templars.
I like to make it easy for the templars.
Incredibly angry, that's how they find me.
They began recruiting women. The male templars never stopped to ask for directions.
I do my best!
Out? You mean out to play with the darkspawn? Such a great idea!
Is there some great ceremony when someone joins the Legion of the Dead?
What? You're kidding!
That does sound like a funeral. How depressing.
So what does the Legion do when you're not, you know, dying?
But you can't do it all hours of the day. There must be some times when you're not out getting killed.
I always thought dwarves would be nicer.
You seem fascinated with Ser Pounce-a-lot.
Everyone needs a pet.
Why do you want me to kill the bush?
Magic isn't for your amusement! Why don't I just do a little dance? Anders' Spicy Shimmy?
Why don't I just do a little dance? Anders' Spicy Shimmy?
Have I ever told you that I find tattoos on women incredibly attractive?
Perhaps one day we could sit down to discuss magic?
Lots? Great civilizations are built on the sharing of ideas.
You know that chip on your shoulder? I think it has replaced your head.
Whoa. She's talking to me. Voluntarily. Check the sky for flying pigs!
(Chuckles) I'm sorry. I couldn't help myself.
Several times. But they always found me using my phylactery. Not that I minded being caught much. They always assigned the same templar to track me down. Or perhaps she asked. I hope it's the latter. On those long trips back to the tower -- I in manacles, she glaring silently -- the air practically sizzled.
On those long trips back to the tower -- I in manacles, she glaring silently -- the air practically sizzled.
It's not the size that counts, Velanna.
The Circle lied to me? Andraste's sword, my world is falling apart! I have been unmanned!
Why do spirits seek out mages? I've always wondered.
Aren't demons simply spirits with unique and sparkling personalities?
But what do they want from mages?
Are you saying that you could become a demon, Justice?
You said that demons were spirits perverted by their desires.
You must have some desires...
I apologize, Justice. I didn't mean to suggest you would become a demon.
I just wondered what relation there is between spirits and demons. Demons are a worry to any mage.
Well, I hope you never come to understand.
He seems happy enough. Isn't that right, Ser Pounce-a-lot?
He's not a slave! He's a friend. And he's also a cat.
Just ignore him, Ser Pounce-a-lot. They don't have pets in the Fade, apparently.
I avoid my oppression. That's not quite the same thing, is it?
Because it sounds difficult?
So is death. I'm just saying.
That bit of self-righteousness is directed at me?
Or I could mind my business, in case the Chantry comes knocking.
Yes, well... welcome to the world, spirit.
I think something's moving!
Something big is brewing!
Oh, this will be fun!
I'm your worst nightmare!
They never learn, do they?
Think you can take on a Mage?!
For freedom!
This is my favourite part!
I'll show you why Mages are feared!
We're ready for you!
I fail to see the point of throwing their lives away.
We have important things to do. Why do they insist on interrupting?
Isn't this over yet?!
I don't think they're here to chat!
Oh good, we're under attack.
They've got reinforcements!
Uh-oh! They've got friends!
Another twenty steps, another batch of deaths.
It's about to charge!
We'll need to close the distance!
Everyone, over here!
Suck on a fireball!
Say your prayers!
Run! While you can!
Don't even think about it!
Destructive forces of nature! Coming up!
You've messed with the wrong Mage!
I've got your back!
My magic will destroy you!
I'd run if I were you!
Looks like things are getting bloody!
Want to see what's under these robes?!
Watch the shadows!
Afraid yet?
Teach you to mess with a Mage!
Never taunt a Mage!
Die, bastard!
Back to work!
Where to now?
Anybody need healing?
Is everyone still alive?
Victory!
Score one for our heroes!
Well, we won.
Looks like we made it!
This is so not working!
I don't think we're hurting them!
Anyone got a better plan?
This isn't doing the trick!
My bruises have bruises!
I think I broke every bone in my body.
Even my teeth hurt!
Agh, that was a close one.
Thank you.
I owe you one!
I'm not sure how much more of this I can take!
Give me a hand!
Can't do much more!
I'm losing my focus!
This is wiping me out!
No! Don't be dead! Please!
No! Don't you dare!
Carver's dead!
Oh no! Bethany!
They took out Fenris!
I think Varric's down!
They got one of ours!
Oh no! Not you too!
Ah! Much better!
Feeling good now!
Ah! That hits the spot!
Another on the rocks, please!
Help! I can't move!
I'm a Mage, not a miracle worker.
What? Do you think I'm magic?
Need a hand?
I've got the touch.
Perfect on the first try.
The people here, they never leave Hightown's fancy walls. They have no idea what's brewing below them.
Frankly, I prefer the refugees.
If someone here tries to hire me again, I'm leaving.
So pious, aren't they? So ready to believe that any harm they do is the will of the Maker.
How can people who serve the Maker allow their own templars such abuses?
Don't mind me. I'm just going to hide my face for a while.
I don't know which is worse, the rats or the people.
Justice doesn't let me get drunk anymore. I kind of miss it.
Half of Ferelden is packed into this stinking place. They'd have done better to fight the darkspawn.
I'm not getting many cases these days. I think most of the refugees have cleared out. Either they found jobs. Or they're dead.
The sewers aren't half as bad as the Deep Roads.
Those patients need me more than anyone in Hightown.
The templars have become more active in their hunt for me. I won't be able to stay here long.
Our cause is nearly lost.
I shouldn't be seen here.
It's nice to get some fresh air. Kirkwall starts to stink after a bit.
No wonder they call this the Dragon Age. The bloody things are everywhere.
Generations of slaves died in that mine. I can still hear their cries for justice.
So I guess there are still no good jobs for Fereldans then.
I get so furious when mages try to oppose templars by turning to demons. There is no better way to ensure we will never be free.
You showed the boy Feynriel great mercy. He will live better among the Dalish than anywhere in Kirkwall.
They've raised the bloody dead. They must be truly desperate.
Please tell me we're not going to force these poor fools back into the Circle.
That Thrask seemed like a decent man, for a templar.
I have tried to avoid the Fade since Justice. It's disturbing when he takes over.
I need your help again. Can we speak privately, perhaps in my clinic?
I need your help again.
I have personally led five mages to freedom through these tunnels. They bent to kiss the ground through the sewage.
I can't go on like this.
You take a grave risk in trusting me.
Nice place for a rally. Good choice, Varnell.
I don't know whether to cherish every moment I am with you, or fear for you to have me there.
It is still a thrill to turn and see you beside me.
The grand cleric cannot continue to wave her hands and pretend the problem is solved. She's as good as helping Meredith.
Your support has meant the world to me.
It doesn't matter what I do now, the wheels are in motion.
I think we're better off focusing on the task at hand.
From a mage, you mean.
How else would you judge me? What else am I a shining example of?
You... have a fair point.
So you married a templar, huh?
Are they all as dirty as they seem?
Did he ever ask you to play "the naughty mage and the helpless recruit"?
Did he ever ask you to play "the naughty mage and the helpless recruit"? Maybe the "secret desire demon and the upstanding knight"?
I hear it's quite popular.
Bring it to Darktown, and I'll get you a salve or something.
You want help killing people like me.
Nor every guard.
Do you ever miss Ferelden?
I didn't think I'd give it a second thought once I was gone. I mean, what did Ferelden ever do for me? But I do. I think about it. There's something here that just doesn't feel right.
There's something here that just doesn't feel right.
No... I think there's not enough dog shit.
Your term as captain hasn't been particularly "mage friendly."
Every despot starts somewhere.
I thought those were the rules of this game.
Then it's fortunate it doesn't occur often.
So, I never expected to be palling around with the captain of the guard.
What about that time we painted each other's toenails?
Love, life, and liberty. What more does a man need?
Well, when you're here, I know you're not leading men into Darktown to arrest me.
That's not what I was going to ask.
There's a girl. A mage apprentice. She...was murdered in the Gallows recently. Have you heard anything of it?
Yes. I'd like to... attend the funeral. Do something.
I suppose you're just thrilled how the knight-commander's basically stepped into the viscount's seat?
Well. You've got a brain in there after all. I was convinced that headband was to keep it from falling out.
The day is young.
I don't know if you're lying or crazy.
I'm well aware of your commitment to oppression.
That...is actually something I'd very much like to see.
You've been an apostate your whole life.
Where did you learn your magic? I mean, you know my feelings on the Circle, but usually it's the only decent training a mage can get.
You don't know how lucky you were, to have someone who loved you and could help you. Most mages would kill for that.
Most mages would kill for that.
The Rite of Tranquility is the whole problem. If they didn't have that to hold over us, we'd have so many more options.
They're forcing our hands. There's no way to change things peacefully.
If it's Tranquility or death, we have no choice but to make every confrontation a life-or-death struggle.
Not if they take away your ability to reason.
It was meant well. I don't know if that's enough to forgive me.
You don't like me, Carver?
That's unfortunate. Hating someone just because they're a mage is a shameful thing.
Maybe it's time you put some thought into it.
Your brother is a mage. As was your sister and father?
Your sisters are... were both mages, as was your father?
Nothing, it's not always passed to all siblings. But it's good to know that you understand our plight.
I'm sorry about your sister. She sounds like a special girl.
Your brother says she had a good heart. Being on the run never made her bitter.
Your other sister says she was a good person. That she never turned down a chance to help people.
I was trying to be nice.
Nice day to be planning a trip into the Deep Roads, don't you think?
The Blight, the dampness, the festering darkness filled with tainted rats...
You've got a real chip on your shoulder, you know?
Right. Wonder what you're compensating for.
You ever going to stop harping on the mages here?
They aren't what you saw in Tevinter.
They're slaves! You should want to help them.
So, there must be mages in Tevinter that don't use blood magic.
But no magisters?
You know, to use blood magic you must look a demon in the eye and accept his offer.
You know, to use blood magic you must look a demon in the eye and accept his offer. I just figured some of them would say no. For aesthetic reasons, if nothing else.
Why don't you shout? I don't think everyone heard you.
Like ripping someone's heart out of his chest?
So we agree that it doesn't take a demon for someone to be a vicious killer? Good.
No, and it doesn't matter. Nobody deserves that.
Really? Perhaps they should start making slaves Tranquil— then they wouldn't dream of escaping! Wouldn't that be wonderful?
Which clearly justifies it? What a perfect solution!
You really don't have the temperament for a slave.
I'm just wondering how your master didn't kill you.
I'm charming.
Did you ever think about killing yourself?
I'm serious. To get out of slavery, to escape Danarius... don't tell me you never thought about it.
You... believe that?
Some things are worse than death.
You're probably right.
Is there a down side?
So they all do those things?
Shut up.
So help me...
I can't imagine what Hawke sees in you.
Well, good. I always knew they had some sense.
Do you still support the Knight-Commander?
Holding back? She's howling at the bloody moon!
Even her own people think she's lost it.
What will it take for you to see that she's crazy?
By now, you must see what an injustice the templars are.
But they go too far.
You can't hold all mages responsible for that!
Not all mages are weak.
You specifically don't mention me.
I'll prove to you that I'm not weak
You were an idiot to leave Hawke.
I love her. You can't even imagine what that is.
I love him. You can't even imagine what that is.
What's it to you?
I know it isn't my place to criticize, but... Are you sure about Fenris?
He seems less a man to me than a wild dog.
I know as much as I'm ever likely to.
He has let one bad experience color his whole world. Surely you want someone more openminded?
You can stop yelling. It's always me.
He can still hear you. Justice and I are one.
Anyway, you wanted to talk to me?
I keep thinking I know you from somewhere...
That's it! You used to really like that girl with the griffon tattoos, right? What was her name?
That's right! I think you were there the night I—
Isabela, you never talk about the mages' plight.
There's plenty to say.
So you're telling me you have no opinion on the matter?
That can't be true.
Sometimes, I think you have the right idea.
I never used to give two bits what anyone thought of me.
Justice once asked me why I didn't do more for other mages. I told him it was too much work. But I couldn't go back after that. Couldn't stop thinking about it.
Sometimes, I miss being that selfish.
What makes this relic of yours so valuable?
That's not evasive.
No, your hand isn't what I hear you've been showing.
Do you ever have any regrets?
Anything? Everything? I can't figure you out.
Maybe the chance to fix a mistake? Make things right again?
That was almost profound.
So, this relic you lost... how is it you don't know what it is?
And you didn't open it? You managed to resist the urge?
Nothing. I just found it curious, that's all.
Hasn't stopped you before.
You do have an opinion on mages, don't you?
Abominations don't go, "Grr. Argh."
You're not nearly as selfish as you pretend.
You had your relic. You were gone. There was no reason for you to come back and face the Qunari.
From a bunch of shipwrecked Qunari?
I always knew you had a heart of gold.
I don't know how you live the way you do, blithely ignoring the consequences of your actions.
Has it occurred to you that Kirkwall is only just recovering from the Qunari attack?
There is justice in the world.
I can't believe you're still not taking sides.
I mean against the templars! You like freedom, right? You hate slavery.
Why wouldn't you side with the mages?
So, when you first did blood magic, it was... just an accident, right?
You cut yourself and realized the power? You didn't actually deal with a demon?
Why would you do that?
Of course he was! He's using you to get a foothold in a mortal brain!
I was.
As a matter of fact, I did.
I wouldn't get your hopes up. The Hero of Ferelden values privacy rather highly.
No. I had a friend who did, though. Told the most impossible stories.
Is that a serious question?
Would you stop making fun of my cat?
Maybe you don't really understand the difference between spirits and demons.
Spirits were the first children of the Maker, but He turned his back on them to dote on His mortal creations. The ones who resented this became demons, driven to take everything mortals had and gain back the Maker's favor.
You don't pay attention to templars, Qunari or politics, but you notice kittens?
Are there any tabbies? I'd like a tabby.
Do Dalish honestly not recognize the difference between demons and beneficial spirits?
But have you never studied the types of demons? They break down very clearly into different sins
I nearly killed an innocent girl. How could I be all right?
You're sorry? For me? This could be you! You could be the next monster threatening helpless girls!
It's not a good feeling, you know.
Being an abomination. I just got a taste of your future.
It's like you're trapped in your own body, seeing out your eyes, while someone else moves you like a puppet. And you're trying to scream, to move a single muscle, but there's no escape. Until you look down at the blood on your hands...
That's the point.
You must join us. Do you see that now? You must stand with Kirkwall's mages.
You can't hide in Sundermount.
Your clan is dead.
There is no place for you among the Dalish.
On second thought, maybe don't try to help us.
You do?
That's.... that's great. Thanks, Merrill.
You're not helping.
What are we talking about?
And your point is?
Some things are certain.
I don't know why I'm bothering with this, but you do realize it is crazy, right?
You have choices! You always had choices! Stop using blood magic. Get rid of that damned mirror.
Your Keeper did not deserve that death.
She knew you didn't have the strength to resist the demon. That's why it picked you.
Make up for your mistakes. Most blood mages never get a second chance.
Hawke was a fool to let you move in. You'll only betray her. That's all your kind can do.
Hawke was a fool to let you move in. You'll only betray him. That's all your kind can do.
You can't really get jealous of someone for sleeping with Isabela. It's just...understood.
She's like a side dish. She comes with the meal.
Beg your pardon?
Yes, I suppose I am.
I know it isn't my place to criticize, but... are you sure about Merrill? She acts sweet, but she'll never choose you over her demon.
Yes. Keep your illusions then. Maker knows I won't be the one to change them.
Is that supposed to be Andraste's face on your crotch?
That... belt buckle thing. Is that Andraste?
I'm just not sure I'd want the Maker seeing me shove His bride's head between my legs every morning.
So, you were invested as a brother in the chantry, right?
But you... gave sermons and took confessions and such, right?
I just want to know, what do you say when people have questions?
What's your answer when someone asks, "so if Andraste preached freedom and ended slavery, why do you lock up mages and keep them as slaves?"
And here I thought the Chantry was against mind-reading.
Are you saying a mage can only be unhappy in the Circle if demons were involved?
No, it's not about Uldred. It's not about being beaten or raped by a templar— that does happen, but I've been fortunate.
It' s a larger principle: the freedom every man, woman, and child born in Thedas have as a natural right.
You've been seeking revenge for the death of one family for as long as I've known you. Are you honestly judging me for trying to save the lives of every mage in Thedas?
Yet.
How can you keep standing up for her?
That doddering old biddy of a Grand Cleric.
Spineless... hesitant. She's clay in Meredith's hands.
Well if doing nothing sums up your religion, then Elthina is perfect. Personally, I'd prefer a Chantry that favors action over sloth.
Well, I've tried not to shout it from the rooftops. You've just been around when I talk with my friends.
Andraste was killed. That doesn't mean she failed.
Go ahead. Say it.
I saw you watching me.
Don't give me that. I know you've been judging me.
You think I'm out of control. How can I claim to speak for mages when I'm half demon myself?
How can you have so much faith? Does nothing bother you?
The Maker left us to our own devices generations ago. He's never going to step back in, start listening to our prayers again. He's gone. Doesn't that bother you?
What?
What are you talking about?
What do you mean, "can't possibly defeat?"
I've always wondered, why is every surface dwarf a merchant or a smith?
They don't count.
You're kidding.
Well, there could be mushroom growers and nug wranglers.
The human says, "You're lucky you're so short. That hurt like mad!"
Why waste a perfectly good set-up?
Boiling in oil.
That lets him off too easy. Dipped in molten gold and left as a statue in the Viscount's Keep.
Any suggestions?
Are you sure you want to encourage me? I might be about to confess my undying love.
I just realized it's been a while since any of the gangs in the Undercity came to my door.
Right. The apostate running the free clinic in the sewers. Easy to forget. You didn't have anything to do with this?
Don't.
I almost killed a girl.
It's not the same.
Not right now, Varric.
This is past time for joking.
Meredith will die. Do not doubt that.
[Justice voice] Stop.
My face is the least of my concerns right now.
You're giving me that look again. What are you writing this time?
I don't see how that's any of your business.
Stop looking at me! I-I really don't like all this... open... slobbery... affection.
Be a real pet! Ignore me until you want something and then sit on my head!
I miss Ser Pounce-A-Lot.
Now that I'm living here there isn't room for you in the bed. Do you understand?
That won't work on me. I'm a cat person.
I'm a cat person.
That won't work on me. I'm a cat person. Cheer up, old boy. Maybe you can bunk with Sandal!
Have you considered joining the Grey Wardens? They'd be happy to satisfy the inexplicable need you have to visit the Deep Roads every few years.
The Carta should know better than to come after you.
A key, tuned to your father's blood. Sounds like a ritual element for blood magic. Be careful, Hawke.
Be careful, Hawke.
Why can't we ever hunt down normal criminals? The kind that don't worship demons...?
Sorry. I don't have a map of this part of the Deep Roads.
While we're stuck down here, Meredith could be burning down the Circle.
Ugh. I don't remember the deep roads being this...wet.
It was important to him that you never think of him as a blood mage. I think he really tried.
I really need to stay out of the Deep Roads...
I fear what this emissary can push me to do.
Even the Warden-Commander in Amaranthine was willing to make a deal with the Architect. Who knows what arguments this emissary made?
I told the Warden-Commander in Amaranthine not to make deals with darkspawn. I guess these Free Marchers needed the same advice.
That's Legion of the Dead armour. It's a dwarven tradition. Anyone accused of a crime can clear their name if they die fighting darkspawn. Surprisingly, they bump into Grey Wardens a lot.
I had a friend from the Legion once. A girl named Sigrun. Not nearly as dour as you'd expect.
I met a girl from the Legion once. Can't remember her name. Seemed awfully good natured about the whole thing.
I'm not listening... I'm not listening!
No! Get out of my head!
Stop! Just make him stop talking! Make him stop!
I hope I can hold against him... against them both.
One good thing about being trapped in an ancient underground prison... not a lot of templars.
There's a bright side to everything.
It's got... potential.
I could be quite comfortable here actually. Clean the taint off the floor, maybe hang a few pictures. It might even be a step up from Darktown.
Hmm. At least this one was built by mages.
I've tried to forget about this side of myself. Justice is... so strong. Sometimes the Wardens seem insignificant. But seeing that poor bastard brings it all back. The Darkspawn taint. The call of the archdemon. It's inside me, as much a part of me as Justice.
You should find someone else, love. You don't want all the ugliness I'm going to bring into your life.
You should find someone else, love.
There's a lot of ugliness in my life. You should stay away from me.
You should stay away from me.
Have you heard from Carver at all?
It's not easy, being a Warden. Sometimes it's better to cut all ties with your old life. When I joined, all I wanted was an escape from the Circle. But it's more. It's a calling, it really is. Carver's the kind of man who can find fulfillment in battling the darkspawn. He'll do fine.
Carver's the kind of man who can find fulfillment in battling the darkspawn. He'll do fine.
Have you heard from Bethany recently?
Bethany will find something to be proud of. It suits her more than she thinks.
So, a giant magical prison. You should invest in one of these for Kirkwall, Aveline.
Your guardsmen have their hands full chasing down blood mages and abominations. I thought you might like somewhere to put them.
Maybe they can design it to shock anyone who says something bad about you!
That wasn't it. I meant it, when I joined the Wardens. I expected it to be for life. If I wasn't prepared for that, I would never have gone through the Joining.
Justice. Apparently, even the Taint Brigade draws the line at abominations.
You know, we're a long way from the Circle. Down here, a mage could easily slip her leash.
You gave up, you mean. Threw your life away.
You don't understand the stakes.
Like it or not.
You know what I chose. Or what chose me.
It must be hard being around so many darkspawn. After what happened to your sister.
Have you thought about joining the Grey Wardens? They've got a whole club for people just like you.
But we'd all be so sorry to see you go...
So, templar. Is the order everything you wished for?
Pithed any good mages lately? That's what you do now, right?
It must wear on you, given your lineage. No wonder you're quiet.
Oh, yes ser, please ser.
You've taken to life as a Warden. I figured you for the type.
The plight of every mage is my burden.
The plight of every mage is my burden. You'd think with your lineage, you'd understand.
Is it wrong to want a world worth saving?
When I left the Wardens, I swore I'd never spend another minute in the Deep Roads.
Fine. I ran away. What's it to you?
Running away from your family, straight to Danarius. Running away from Danarius, straight to Hawke. Maybe we're more alike than you think.
And you ran away from Danarius. Maybe we're more alike than you think.
Besides the obvious, you mean?
Darkspawn this, darkspawn that. Taint taint taint taint taint.
Taint taint taint taint taint.
After a while, you just get so tired of it, you know?
They don't eat. The taint sustains them.
Excuse me?
I can't believe I'm saying this but... Fenris is right.
Did you have to remind me? I was so close to forgetting.
Believe me, I do.
I always thought it would be fun to be a pirate.
I'm not sure I'd call that "fun."
When I was stuck at Vigil's Keep, I dreamed of stealing a ship and sailing to exotic lands... When I left the Wardens, I tried to plant a rumor that that's where I went. Even mentioned your name a few times...
Were you trying to look at my grimoire the other day?
At my clinic. While I was talking to Hawke. I saw you looking in one of my books. You know, those are private.
Dirty spells?
I don't think I want to know.
Anybody with some sense would hate them. They're a darkspawn filled pit that goes on forever.
The dwarves are crazy.
You really believe that magisters trespassing in the Maker's city made the first darkspawn?
The darkspawn live in the Deep Roads. They respond to the call of the Old Gods. Why would we think they have anything to do with humans—or the Maker—at all?
I don't think it's a coincidence that the people the Chantry blames are the same ones they're trying to oppress.
You make it sound like so much fun.
More Deep Roads. Why did we agree to do this again?
She is pretty cute.
He is pretty cute.
At this rate, I'll still be paying him back when I'm dead.
How's this going to fit into your grand tale, Varric? "Hawke and friends walked for a really long time in nasty tunnels that smelled like nug shit."
You have the strangest way of making friends.
I wish we could stay like this forever, love.
Your support has meant more than I can say.
You shouldn't have brought me here. I'm a danger to everyone around me.
I suddenly feel better about robbing this duke.
I know you would never support the Qunari after what they have done to mages.
These people spend their lives surrounded by real injustices. But instead they waste their time fighting some poor mindless beast.
Good riddance.
I think this is from a simir bird. The Tevinters hunt them. The feathers are supposed to have magical properties.
Keep on the move! Don't wait for the poison to hit you!
Gave the beast a taste of his own poison, eh?
Maybe we can get him to charge into the rocks!
So you trust this woman who just leapt off a rooftop into the middle of an ambush with the Crows?
I wasn't asking if you did.
If more mages were allowed to keep their families, people would learn not to fear them so much.
You know, you're the only person I've met with a mage parent she actually remembers.
You and Bethany were lucky. Most mages would kill to have what you had.
At the Circle, any accidental babies are taken away before the mother even sees them.
Here I always figured you'd be the one coming to spring me from someone's dungeon. I had it all planned.
I'd be in the Gallows, templars all around, holding the brand for the Rite of Tranquility. Then you'd burst in and break my chains. And then it would be all about the best way to show my gratitude.
It's the thought that counts.
I could be grateful to you too.
This hobnobbing with the nobility suits you.
Meant in the best possible way.
I knew the day I met you that you'd rise above the rest of the refugees.
I wish there were more nobles who had to earn it.
Why did Hawke think it was a good idea to bring me to some stuffy Orlesian hunt? I hate these things.
Are you... actually agreeing with me? I thought that was against some kind of policy.
Next time you yell at me, I think I'll picture you doing it in an Orlesian accent. Makes it much harder to take you seriously.
How many blighted rooms does this place have?
This is ridiculous! How could you get us lost inside the castle?
Don't panic, but I think we've been through here before.
You too? I thought it was just me.
Does the Kirkwall Circle teach you to be smug? In addition to obedient, I mean.
Typical Warden disregard. Do you even care anymore?
I told you we shouldn't have turned left back there!
For Andraste's sake! Leave Hawke out of this!
Just think, if your mother had stayed in Kirkwall, this could have been your life. Servants. Chateaus. Foxhunts with visiting royals.
Isn't that what you want? No magic, no running, no one looking down at you...?
You wouldn't prefer that over the rules of the order?
That's the nicest thing you've ever said to me.
You wouldn't prefer that to roaming the Deep Roads?
Maybe you should join the Qun, Fenris.
You seem to know a lot about the Qunari, Fenris.
So you know about these Ben-Hassrath.
But I'm asking him.
Like templars?
That's it. I'm taking the lead.
Could you stop with the, "All mages are evil," diatribe for one minute?
I'm a little surprised the duke let you come here.
I didn't think you were going to steal anything.
Just... I would imagine most fancy Orlesian hunting parties require, um... pants.
You owe me fifty silvers.
Excuses! Just admit it. I beat you at your own game.
Fifty silvers.
All right, we should have tried your suggestion.
I meant the, "Follow one wall, and you'll navigate the maze," idea.
What, crashing a fancy Orlesian party?
... You might be on to something there.
Do the Dalish ever have fancy parties? 
I always imagined they celebrated most big occasions by eating mushrooms and acorns. And maybe dancing naked around a campfire.
What is wrong with Orlesians? Why build a prison with this many identical cells?
Of course, we'll say, "We're staging a daring prison break. Could you tell us where our friend is and then tie yourself up? Thanks!"
I'm not a monster.
I'm not going to turn into a raging abomination every time someone commits a fashion faux-pas.
I don't understand Tallis.
Don't you hate them?
Would you stop that? Andraste is not going to find Hawke for us!
I have complete faith in your ability to make a bad situation worse!
Couldn't you talk to Gallard for me? He likes you.
Yes, but I did it anyway, and now the Coterie has an IOU for my right ear.
You didn't hear him admiring mine all night. And saying that he's always wanted a hat made of human ears. And calling a hatter.
Orlesian.
Crash.
I've spent most of my life with the Circle, Grey Wardens, or refugees. Not party people, most of them.
So... templar.
Would you?
Blast it! But we went left this time! We shouldn't have come full circle again!
You can't tell anyone about this! I mean it, Varric! Not a word!
What are we supposed to do? Beat the bushes with sticks?
Maybe they were out gathering hunters.
You just... woke up one day and decided "what I really need in life is a big guy with horns telling me everything I should think?"
Unless you're a mage.
You realize that Qunari make the Circle of Magi look like a pleasant vacation.
And you're all right with that?
But you think it's all right for them to sew up a mage's mouth or cut out his tongue?
Jealousy never hurt anyone. Much.
Oh, think of the conversations! What brand of zealotry shall we discuss today? I don't know, there are so many options...
You asked if you'd fit in.
Perhaps I should check a looking glass more often. I’ve rarely met a man who says such things so openly. …But you’re obviously a rare man.
Kind, wise and beautiful. You must have made a deal with some demons yourself. I’m sorry, I shouldn’t presume. I just… we’ve hardly met and I feel like I know you. Am I making you uncomfortable?
Kind, wise and beautiful. You must have made a deal with some demons yourself.
Oh, I’m sure I can get more creative.
A year ago, maybe we could have had something. But I’m not that man anymore. I’ll break your heart. And that might kill me as surely as the Templars.
I’ll break your heart. And that might kill me as surely as the Templars.
Why would you shy away from loving someone just because they’re like you? Does it bother you that I’ve been with men?
I had Templars practically on my doorstep the other night.
I would drown us in blood to keep you safe.
You are the one bright light in Kirkwall.
I’m right here, you know. Should I stick my fingers in my ears until you’re done?
Yes, who is behind your throne, Hawke.
Thank the Maker, are you alright, love?
Here I’d always figured you’d be the one coming to spring me from someone’s dungeon. I had it all planned: I’d be in the Gallows, Templars all around, holding the brand for the Rite of Tranquility, then you’d burst in and break my chains. And then it would be all about the best way to show my gratitude.
I’m always happy to see your face… but it seems particularly lovely right now.
I have made this place a sanctum of healing and salvation. Why do you threaten it?
Did the wardens send you to bring me back? I'm not going. Those bastards made me get rid of my cat.
Those bastards made me get rid of my cat.
Poor Ser Pounce-A-Lot. He hated the Deep Roads.
He was a gift. A noble beast. Almost got ripped in half by a genlock once. He swatted the bugger on the nose. Drew blood, too.
The blighted Wardens said he "made me too soft". I had to give him to a friend in Amaranthine.
You say that like it's a small thing.
Yes, I'm here because there's no Warden outpost, no darkspawn, and a whole host of refugees to blend in with.
The "hopelessly tainted by darkspawn" and "plagued by nightmares about the Archdemon" parts don't go away. But it turns out if you hide well, you don't have to wear the uniform or go to the parties.
I will die a happy man if I never think about the blighted Deep Roads again.
You can't imagine what I've come through to get here. I'm not interested...
Although...a favor for a favor. Does that sound like a fair deal? You help me, I'll help you?
You don't ask for my terms? What if I were asking for the knight-commander's head on a spike?
I have a warden map of the depths of this area. But there's a price.
I came to Kirkwall to aid a friend. A mage. A prisoner in the wretched Gallows.
I had been exchanging notes with Karl through a maidservant in the Gallows. Then the letters stopped coming.
Yes, Andraste said magic should serve man, not rule him. But I've yet to find a mage who wants to rule anything.
It goes against no will of the Maker for mages to live as free as other men.
That's not usually the response I get. Perhaps we will work together better than I expected.
His name is Karl Thekla. He was sent here from Ferelden when Kirkwall's Circle required new talent.
Mages are locked in their cells, refused appearances at court, made Tranquil for the slightest crimes.
I told him I would come.
Ask any mage in Kirkwall. Over a dozen were made tranquil just this year.
The more people you ask, the worse the rumors become.
I'm hoping it won't come to that.
I sent Karl a message to meet me in the chantry tonight.
I sent Karl a message to meet me in the chantry tonight. Maker willing, he'll be there, alone. But if there are templars with him, I swear, I'll free him from them. Whatever the cost.
Hmph. If I wanted money, I've been going about it all wrong. You can't imagine what I've gone through to get here.
Don't threaten me, boy.
Don't threaten me, little girl.
Let's be more specific. I don't do anything involving children or animals.
...Wait!
It's all right here. But you don't get a page of it till Karl walks free.
I welcome your aid. I've already sent word for Karl to meet me in the Chantry tonight.
I welcome your aid.
Meet me there and, regardless of who is there with him, we all walk away free.
I saw Karl go inside a few minutes ago. No templars so far.
All right. I'll handle the talking. You watch for templars.
What's wrong? Why are you talking like-
[Justice voice] You will never take another mage as you took him!
Karl, no-
Can you cure a beheading? The dreams of Tranquil mages are severed. There is nothing left of them to fix.
I got here too late. I'm sorry. Karl, I'm so sorry.
Goodbye.
We should leave before more templars come.
I... this is hard to explain. When I was in Amaranthine, I met a spirit of Justice who was trapped outside the fade. We became friends. And he recognised the injustice that mages in Thedas face every day.
Just as demons prey on the deadly sins of mankind, there are good spirits who embody our virtues. Spirits of compassion, fortitude... justice.
To live outside the fade, he needed a host. I offered to help him... We were going to work together, bring justice to every child ever ripped away from his mother to be sent to the Circle. But... I guess I had too much anger. Once he was inside me, he... changed.
Once he was inside me, he... changed.
It's not like that. He's gone now. He's part of me. It's not like we can... have a conversation. I feel his thoughts as my own. Not even the greatest scholar could tell you where I end and he begins.
Not even the greatest scholar could tell you where I end and he begins.
I thought I was helping my friend. He would have... died, I guess. If that means anything.
He comes out. And he is no longer my friend Justice. He is a force of vengeance. And he has no grasp of mercy.
The only way a spirit has ever been separated from a living host is by its death.
The curse is of my own making. All I can do now is hope to control it.
He only comes out when I've lost all power over myself. It's a madness, a frenzy. I only find out after what I might have done.
Perhaps I should check a looking glass more often.
My maps are yours. As am I, if you wish me to join your expedition.
I thought I was done with the Grey Wardens, but if you have any need of me... I will be waiting here.
I had a friend like you once. Got in all kinds of trouble, dragged me along. Didn't think I'd be doing that again.
I got a bit weighty the last time we talked. Sorry for putting that on you.
You look... something. True. Proud. Like even if you don't agree with me, you'll be honest.
I just... I hope I didn't seem too selfish when I told you about Justice.
I didn't know what would happen. I figured a willing host, a friend... it had to be better than playing the demon and haunting some corpse.
Well. Under that scruffy exterior, I think you've got a bit of a soft heart, yourself.
I'm sorry. I shouldn't presume, I just... we've hardly met and I feel like I know you.
Am I making you uncomfortable?
Growing up in the Circle, everything is about order and rules and the templars. The apprentices... we found ways to make that bearable.
Karl and I... he was the first. We could forget that out in the world we were nothing but templar slaves. We hadn't been together for a long time. But still... it hurt.
It's the bloody templars.
It's the bloody templars. You know how it is. The don't see us as people. They don't care that Karl was someone's son... someone's lover. If you're born with magic, they hear about it. They search your little rat-spit village and find you.
If you're born with magic, they hear about it. They search your little rat-spit village and find you.
If you're born with magic, they hear about it. They search your little rat-spit village and find you. They tell your parents they'll be thrown in prison if they ever ask about you, stripped of their rights in the eyes of the Maker. And if you run away, they hunt you down. Again and again and again.
And if you run away, they hunt you down. Again and again and again.
Andraste's words were that magic must not rull over man. It is not ruling to simply wish for the same rights as any man. Doesn't every mage deserve the freedom you've had?
Doesn't every mage deserve the freedom you've had?
...don't come running to me next time you pick up one of these diseases.
Things just keep getting worse. I had templars practically on my doorstep the other night.
Not me specifically. They were just checking the refugee camps. But it's not like this place is a secret. It's only a matter of time.
They're not so much interested in me as... destroying my kind and all I represent.
The knight-commander is out of control. Even her own people have been talking about it. The curfews. The midnight raids on mages' families. Everyone I know, forced into hiding so they won't be made Tranquil.
You're at as much risk as I am.
You're at as much risk as I am. That's why I worry. What if your money and position aren't enough? What if the knight-commander turns on you?
Everything I've done to control this... I don't care. I would drown us in blood to keep you safe.
I would drown us in blood to keep you safe.
One day, the world must see us as people, not just mages. Help me make that happen.
Have you noticed how many Tranquil are in the Gallows courtyard lately?
Have you noticed how many Tranquil are in the Gallows courtyard lately? And don't tell me I'm just sensitive to it. I've been watching and every day there are new Tranquil, selling their bloody wares.
I've been watching and every day there are new Tranquil, selling their bloody wares.
I've been watching and every day there are new Tranquil, selling their bloody wares. Good mages, too. People I know passed their Harrowing.
The templars are using the Rite of Tranquility to silence those who speak against them. They're working on a deliberate plan to turn every mage in Kirkwall within the next three years.
They're worse.
There are groups in Kirkwall who help those fleeing the Circle. I've talked to people on the inside.
Nasty piece of work, likes to make mages beg.
I've been involved with an... underground resistance. Mages, living free in Kirkwall, who help other escape.
The knight-commander is at least sincere in her convictions. However misguided, she believes she's helping people.
Ser Alrik's a sadist. Cold-blooded as a lizard. He like to experiment on mages, find out what it takes to push them into the arms of demons.
My friends in the mage underground know a way inside.
Come with me, tonight, please.
Come with me, tonight, please. Help me find the evidence of Ser Alrik's "Tranquil Solution".
He would turn every mage in Thedas into a drooling simpleton under his command!
You are the one bright light in Kirkwall.
I've always feared being made Tranquil. Now more than ever.
Are you ready to help me find evidence of the "Tranquil Solution"?
No. No, this is their place. We cannot-
[Justice voice] You fiends will never touch a mage again!
[Justice voice] They will die! I will have every last templar for these abuses!
[Justice voice] I will have every last templar for these abuses!
[Justice voice] Every one of them will feel Justice's burn.
[Justice voice] I am no demon! Are you one of them, that you would call me such?
[Justice voice] Justice... answers to nobody!
Maker, no. I almost... If you weren't here... I- I need to get out of here.
I- I need to get out of here.
Trash. Trash. Keep. Trash. Trash...
Trash.
Keep.
Won't be needing that anymore.
Justice has been warped by my rage. I cannot contain him any longer. I will not put myself in that position again.
I will not put myself in that position again.
Maybe they deserve to win. Maybe they're right. How can I fight for the freedom of mages, when I am the example of the worst that freedom brings?
How can I fight for the freedom of mages, when I am the example of the worst that freedom brings?
How can I even trust myself to heal anymore? What if that... creature of vengeance turns on a patient? Will he... will I... resist? Or will I loose his fury?
Perhaps I should try talking to the grand cleric. Maybe she's more reasonable than I thought.
Putting out milk. I miss having a cat around. But I think the refugees have scared them all off. Or maybe eaten them.
You know, I've been meaning to thank you.
You know, I've been meaning to thank you. Having someone like you making a name for yourself in Kirkwall, it's done a lot for mages.
You're the kind of leader we need. To tell the world we won't be punished any longer for our Maker-given gifts.
I've tried to hold back.
I've tried to hold back. You saw what I almost did to that girl. You've seen what I am. But I'm still a man. Don't expect me to resist forever.
Don't expect me to resist forever.
(Pants)
Ungh uuhh
(Moans)
If we could die tomorrow, I didn't want it to be without doing that.
I thought with Justice... this part of me was over.
I can't give you a normal life. If you're with me, we'll be hunted, hated. The whole world will be against us.
The whole world will be against us.
If your door is open tonight, I will come to you. If not, I'll know you took my warning at last.
Justice does not approve of my obsession with you.
Justice does not approve of my obsession with you. He believes you're a distraction. It is one of the few things on which he and I disagree.
Please don't call it that.
When I was in the Circle, love was only a game. It gave the templars too much power if there was something you couldn't stand to lose. It would kill me to lose you.
It would kill me to lose you.
No mage I know has ever dared to fall in love. This is the rule I will most cherish breaking.
I love you.
I love you. I've been holding back from saying that. You should have a normal life, not be tied down to a fugitive with no future. But I don't ever want to leave you.
Do you mean that? Would you have me here, living with you?
Do you mean that? Would you have me here, living with you? Would you tell the world, the knight-commander, that you love an apostate and you will stand beside him?
For three years, I have lain awake every night, aching for you.
For three years, I have lain awake every night, aching for you. I'm still terrified I'll wake up.
You got me a gift? I hardly think I've done anything to deserve that.
Is it a... that's a Tevinter Chantry amulet! Do you want me to get executed? It's sacrilege to wear those in any land under the Divine.
I've never really thought about what life would be like in the Tevinter Chantry. In the Circle, they make is sound like the Void itself. The Black Divine, stalking Thedas, making it unsafe for kittens and virgins.
The Black Divine, stalking Thedas, making it unsafe for kittens and virgins.
From what I hear about the Tevinters, that's the last thing they'd want. The virgins, anyway. I've never heard about any horrific...kitten rituals.
That won't work on me, I'm a cat person.
He was a Warden. Poor wretch must have come down here on his Calling...
Wardens aren't immune to the taint forever. In time, we start to hear voices. The same ones darkspawn hear.
Can the rest of you hear him? I figured it was just me.
That's the Wardens- always so sure of everything.
The Wardens say once the corruption goes far enough, the darkspawn can't sense you anymore.
I can't... the voices... W-wardens... the Joining... I have too much taint in my blood. I can't shut him out. Help me, love... I will not... be controlled!
Thank you, love.
I-I guess they're right. You never can leave the Wardens. I hope I can hold against him. Against them both...
Dumat... was the first Old God to become an Archdemon. There haven't been temples to him since ancient Tevinter.
That's ridiculous! There was no magical bogeymen who trespassed in the Maker's city. It's a story. It's chantry propaganda.
It's chantry propaganda.
Some creation of the Old Gods, no doubt.
The darkspawn aren't just some conveniently explicit lesson on the dangers of magic.
You don't think it's a little convenient? What does every sane man and woman in Thedas fear? The Blights. Why not pin those on mages too?
That amulet... no one's used that pattern since before the First Blight. It was unique to a small sect in Tevinter who worshipped the god Dumat. Corypheus really was an ancient magister. I always thought the Black City was just a story...
Corypheus really was an ancient magister. I always thought the Black City was just a story...
Do you think? What else might the Chantry know what we don't?
I heard what happened. I know nothing I say with change it. I'm just... I'm sorry.
I'm here for you. Whatever you need.
For the Maker's sake, draw the curtains!
For the Maker's sake, draw the curtains! Do you know what could happen if the knight-commander's spies catch two apostates talking?
No wonder the demons found you such easy prey.
Her ignorance will be what draws the templars down on us.
It means more than I can say to have had a partner these past three years.
It means more than I can say to have had a partner these past three years. It makes me believe we can do anything.
I'm going to be trying something... and I thought you'd want to be part of it.
You were right all along. What I did with Justice was unnatural. It should never have happened.
I can't help mages like this. Not while I am everything the templars fear about magic. I need to be free of this curse.
I need to be free of this curse.
Your patience with me... I marvel every day that you haven't thrown up your hands and left.
I've spent the past three years researching the methods of Tevinter magisters. They're the only ones who have ever sought to reverse spirit possession, not just behead the victim.
I believe I have a formula for a potion that can separate Justice and me. Without killing either.
There are always dangers with magic. But I believe this will be worth the cost.
I knew you'd stand behind me in this.
I've gathered most of what I need, but there are some... outlandish ingredients I was hoping you'd help me collect.
A powder the Tevinters call "sela petrae", and a small amount of drakestone.
No, no ritual. Just mix the ingredients up and... boom. Justice and I are free.
Just mix the ingredients up and... boom. Justice and I are free.
And we can take our rightful place among free mages.
It's a crystal that forms from concentrated manure and urine.
Well, you know Tevinters. They can't throw a Wintersend party without a human sacrifice or two.
There's one more thing I need of you, my love.
There's one more thing I need of you, my love. And I can't tell you why. I must get inside the chantry, without being seen.
Will you talk to the grand cleric for me? Distract her long enough for me to do what must be done?
You would not thank me if I told you.
If you support freedom for mages, help me. That's all I can say.
Do you believe in me, love?
Do you believe in me, love? Do you believe mages deserve to live free of the templars' grasp? Then trust me now. I am doing only what is neccessary.
I am doing only what is neccessary.
I lied. There is no potion.
I lied. There is no potion. But what we have gathered with bring freedom for more than just me and Justice. It will help mages throughout Thedas. In the face of that, one lie means little.
You surprise me again, Hawke.
You surprise me again, Hawke. I'm glad these years spend ranting haven't been in vain.
I promise: whatever happens, it's on my head. It will not come back on you.
I'll find you as soon as I'm done.
There you are. I've been looking for you all over.
I cannot tell you how good it feels for a spirit to fulfill its function.
The waiting is over. I am finally seeking justice. And he is exultant. There is no ecstasy humankind can feel to match.
There is no ecstasy humankind can feel to match.
One human life would be a small price for freedom. Don't despair for me, love. This is what I was born to do.
Don't despair for me, love.
The war will happen. The clock is ticking down. It will be midnight soon.
Oh, you're home. I want to tell you now, I love you.
Oh, you're home. I want to tell you now, I love you. You stood by me, when I gave you every reason to turn away. Just remember, whatever happens, I wanted you to know that.
He'll still be here, you know - Justice - long after you and I are gone. 
He'll still be here, you know - Justice - long after you and I are gone. It doesn't mean the same thing to a spirit. He'll just go back to the Fade.
You are the most important thing in my life.
You are the most important thing in my life. But some things matter more than my life, more than either of us. I'm sorry.
I told you I would break your heart. Just know it breaks mine to do it.
I was hoping we'd find a better way, but... Justice and Vengeance are too intertwined. I can't tell one from the other.
You are the one shining light in my life. Never blame yourself for what will happen.
The grand cleric cannot help you!
I will not stand by and watch you treat all mages like criminals while those who would lead us bow to their templar jailers.
The Circle has failed us, Orsino! Even you should be able to see that!
The time has come to act. There can be no half-measures. There can be no turning back.
There can be no peace.
There can be no peas.
I removed the chance of compromise, because there is no compromise.
It can't be stopped now. You have to choose.
If you knew what I was doing, you would have felt honor-bound to stop me. I couldn't take that chance.
The Circle is an injustice, in many places beyond Kirkwall. The world needs to see.
We were already doomed. A quick death now or a slow one later- I'd rather die fighting.
Was anyone ever with us?
There's nothing you can say that I haven't already said to myself.
I took a spirit into my soul and changed myself forever to achieve this. This is the justice all mages have awaited.
This is the justice all mages have awaited.
When we merged, he ceased to be. We are one now. I can no more ignore the injustice of the Circle than he could.
I wanted to tell you. But what if you stopped me? Or worse, what if you wanted to help? I couldn't let you do that.
The world needs to see this. Then we can all stop pretending the Circle is a solution. And if I pay for that with my life... then I pay. Perhaps then Justice would at least be free.
Whatever you do, just do it.
You mean... stay with you? I didn't think you'd let me. But if you do... I'll fight the templars. Damned right I will.
I should have trusted you.
I should have trusted you. Even with all we've shared, I never thought you'd spare my life. If we live though this... you know I'll be hunted. No one in Kirkwall will offer me mercy. But... if you would join me, I'd rather be on the run with you than safe with anyone else.
I'd rather be on the run with you than safe with anyone else.
Kirkwall can't change alone, love.
Kirkwall can't change alone, love. Even if we will here, it will take years of open warfar throughout Thedas before mages can be safe.
If you wish to stay with me, you must join me in that fight.
We can build a world where no one ever dies for being how the Maker created them.
Ten years, a hundred years from now, someone like me will love someone like you, and there will be no templars to tear them apart.
May the Maker bring us victory. Or everything else is meaningless.